meticulous
Applicable
Management
production environment
replication
application lockdown
Capistrano
Responsible
participation/leading
comfortable
stability
Linux-based
vulnerability
compliance
technology
availability
subversion
Intermediate experience
application performance
networking
Experience implementing
candidate
environment experience
efficiency
Programming experience
responsible
host-based
operational
self-starter
integration Intermediate
OpenLDAP
development
PostgreSQL Monitoring
available
independent problem-solving
Determine
business
Troubleshoot
attention
change-controlled production
Security-centric
Experience
automation
scalability
concurrent
operational documentation
Bladecenter
deployment
remediation
infrastructure environment
execution
application management
maintaining
administration experience
processes
effective
Configuration management
Implementation Designing
Administrator
excellent interpersonal
Integration experience
investigate
Administer production
organization
over-provisioning management
out-of-the-box
software
